normally this popular skate park in
Lakeside would be crammed with kids but
when the cops show up they leave a
standoff over the rules here in Lakes
iitai president st. was supposed to be
an all wheel skate park open to anyone
so why are sheriff's deputies running
off all the kids on bikes and scooters
the triple violence just ahead residents
ok well as managers know about a new
skate park that just opened three weeks
ago
Turco says it's in the middle of an
unfenced county park but not everyone is
welcome to use it you know what a lot of
these people get thrown out our kids
it's a bad situation for everybody the
new lakeside skatepark was 20 years in
the making with lots of community
cooperation and support mobile residents
made major contributions and they'll be
paying all of the maintenance cost but
despite all that right now lots of local
residents are being forced out of the
park by sheriff's deputies why because
they're ripping through that Park on two
wheels instead of four and the county
says that's against the rules
the lakeside skate park and Lindo Lake
is normally filled with kids of all ages
yes on skateboards kids on scooters kids
on bikes experts say it's one of the
best design skate parks in Southern
California and one of the largest but
all of a sudden don't have escape
support you need to leave now don't
blame him
he's just enforcing the rules rules put
in place by the County Parks Department
but it's not what a lot of locals
expected I think it should be for
everybody first now okay it's a
community project it was backed up by
the community it was the voice of the
community since rhythm settings and it
with your bikes scooters skateboards
have all been you know years in the park
he's right about that this is official
County video from opening day with
Dianne Jacob and scooter skaters and
bikers all gliding by in the background
there are no fences here and no one's
really in charge I was originally
designed as an all wheel park a lot of
things came and went but there was all
there was it was always known that there
was no real way she stopped the bikes
and scooters from coming in if there's
no fences and no supervision
did anybody want to stop the bikes and
scooters coming in only the orders I
mostly because they're being selfish
Park users say they were first whole
metal bike pegs could scrape that damage
to concrete the park and all the
teachers are designed for an all-wheel
park which includes skateboards scooters
bicycles rolled land etc and he should
know his company Anton service built the
park
to County specifications this park was
designed with 4000 psi concrete it has
by afternoon which makes it extra strong
then they were told there were
altercation
different groups but everyone I talked
to said they were minor disputes with no
long-term fallout or our feeling this is
the end result when the cops show up
here a big popular skate park empties
out in a hurry
because most people just don't want the
hassle of dealing with the sheriff's and
an empty skate park is really don't
benefit to anyone can't these people
just go along these kids can all get
along if they try the chief said
everybody's getting along honestly and
yeah everyone saw you had little kids on
the scooters but the older guys are
watching out now the County Parks
Department says the rules were put in
place for safety reasons to avoid
collisions between bikes and dumb kids
on scooters or skateboards County
Supervisor Diane Jacob is now looking
into the situation to see if those rules
might need to be changed and they - all
right we'll see where it goes
thank you Michael